Adding aries-endorser-service-alert-workflow and endorser-service-decision-tree diagram (#35)
bcgov/DITP-DevOps: docs/aries-endorser-service-alert-workflow.md

# Aries Endorser Service Uptime Alert Workflow

The following workflow describes the steps to confirm and resolve an Aries Endorser Service alert condition on one of the Endorser Service instances.  Addition information regarding the associated error condition and its impact, along with details of the steps to resolve it can be found below.

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/proxy?cache=no&src=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bcgov/DITP-DevOps/main/docs/diagrams/endorser-service-decision-tree.puml">
</p>

## What does an alert look like?

![aries-endorser-service-alert](./images/aries-endorser-service-alert.png)

## About the Aries Endorser Service

> The Aries Endorser Service is an Aries Agent instance complete with a proxy server configured as a endorser for use with mobile wallets such as the BC Wallet.  The service acts as the endorser between the mobile wallet and other Aries Agent instances that are interacting with the mobile wallet to issue or verify credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Aries Endorser Service](https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-endorser-service) is an Aries Agent instance complete with a proxy server and controller configured as an endorser.  The purpose of an endorser is to provide governance and control over what gets written to a particular ledger by an organization's author agents.  The endorser is registered on the ledger with the permissions required to sign transactions, in effect endorsing them and allowing them to be written to the leger.  Authors are registered on the ledger without any permissions, and are then registered with an endorser to have their transactions signed (endorsed) so they may be written to the ledger.  This helps to ensure only registered authors can write to the ledger and provides a way to manage what they can write to the ledger.
```

### What is the impact of the Aries Endorser Service being down?

> Any mobile wallet configured to use the service as its endorser ceases to function properly, as it relies on the endorser to communicate with other agents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any author agent configured to use the service as its endorser will be unable to write new transactions to its corresponding ledger, as the author relies on the endorser to sign (endorse) the transactions so they may be written to the ledger.  This can be a serious issue for agents that need to write revocation registry entries to the ledger to revoke credentials.
```
